Adds a document regarding the odo.dev.push.path attributes in the devfile (#4681)
openshift/odo: docs/public/using-devfile-odo.dev.push.path-attribute.adoc

# Using the odo.dev.push.path related attributes

> `odo` uses the `odo.dev.push.path` related attribute from the devfile's run commands to push only specific files and folders to the component. The format of the attribute is `odo.dev.push.path:<local_relative_path>:<remote_relative_path>`

Reviewer: Can we add some quotes and spaces to make the format more readable?

```suggestion
`odo` uses the `odo.dev.push.path` related attribute from the devfile's run commands to push only specific files and folders to the component. The format of the attribute is `"odo.dev.push.path:<local_relative_path>": "<remote_relative_path>"`
```

> `odo` uses the `odo.dev.push.path` related attribute from the devfile's run commands to push only specific files and folders to the component. The format of the attribute is `odo.dev.push.path:<local_relative_path>:<remote_relative_path>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`odo` uses the `odo.dev.push.path` related attribute from the devfile's run commands to push only a specific folder and its contents to the component. The format of the attribute is `odo.dev.push.path:<local_relative_path>:<remote_relative_path>`
```

Author: But we can mention and push individual files as well.

Reviewer: It is not clear to me what can be pushed. Can we push only one file or directory+contents, or can we specify several ones?

Author: > Can we push only one file or directory+contents, or can we specify several ones?

Yes we can mention and push only a single file to the remote destination as well. In case of a folder, all of it contents will be pushed to the mentioned remote path. We can also mention several such paths.

Reviewer: OK, I see. So your sentence is exact, but you could say in the introduction that one can mention several paths, and what is the syntax to do this

Author: I have added a mention about the use of several such paths and have also added it to the example.

```yaml
commands:
  - id: dev-run
    attributes:

>       "dev.odo.push.path:target/quarkus-app": "target/quarkus-app"

Reviewer: Could we have different local and remote paths, for the reader to be sure to understand what is local and what is remote in the other parts of the file?

>       "dev.odo.push.path:target/quarkus-app": "remote-target/quarkus-app"

Reviewer 2: You mean wherever is being pushed, name of the remote folder will be `remote-target`. I am getting confused because the remote target mentioned https://github.com/openshift/odo/pull/4681/files#diff-690405b0010238bcf5d1edadd2272c958de0ff87da1d35d75ce9ad3f2fca50a0R29 is `target/quarkus-app`
Could you please sync both the places 🙂

Author: Fixed
